---
layout: post
title: Sense
categories:
- Hack The Box
---

> It is always by way of pain one arrives at pleasure.

>--Marquis de Sade 


The next target was Sense.

For the first steps, as with the previous two target, was to simple navigate to the site. We were served with a `pfSense` login page. As we learned from `NIbbles` we decided to try some obvious logins.

```
admin : admin
admin : sense
user : user
admin : password
```
After not having any luck guessing the user or password we moved on to enumeration techniques. Using `dirb` yield little results and the scan itself took an hour or so to complete. 

Stumped we decided to do some research on `pfSense` for any vulnrabilities we could exploit. After some exhaustive time we discovered that for most if not all exploits we required a login.

Back to enumeration. We decided to use `dirbuster` with a bigger word list and targetting a wider range of extension. WIth the default settings `dirbuster` was goign to take upto 4 days to bruteforce anything of significants. We decided to push the limit upto 1000 requests per second reducing the time down to 20 minutes.

`Dirbuster` yielded results in a file titles `system-users.txt` in which was contained the username `rohit` and a hint for the password `Default software setting`.... in other words `pfsense`.

Once inside the web portal we were presented with an admin dashboard. Exploring this yielded little results, although we did notice that we could upload a picture in any format. Spending a little time trying to exploit this simultaneosly searching the `exploits database` for anything of interest.

Bingo! The xploits database provided us with a python script to get us a shell. Once the shell was established both the `user` and the `root` flag were handed to us on a silver platter. No need for `privesc`
