---
layout: post
title: Bandit 1
categories:
- Bandit
---

> ###  Level Goal
>
>The password for the next level is stored in a file called readme located in the home directory. Use this password to log into bandit1 using SSH. Whenever you find a password for a level, use SSH (on port 2220) to log into that level and continue the game.


The purpose of this level is simply to introduce the user to the concept of gaining access to a remote computer via a Secure Shell (SSH). SSH is a UNIX-based command interface and protocol for securely gaining access to a remote host. 

SSH is actually a suit of three utilities
-  **slogin:** Allows a user *login* to intiate a seession with a system node.
-  **ssh:** Allows the execution of shell commands.
-  **scp:** Allows for copying files between computers.


These three tools are the secure versions of *remote login*(rlogin), *remote shell* (rsh), and *remote copy* (rcp).

---

First we connect to the remote host using **ssh**

	ssh bandit.labs.overthewire.org -p 2220 -l bandit0
	
We will then be prompted for a password. We imput the one provided for us in the clue **bandit0**

Now that we have connected to the remote host lets take a look around.
Using the `ls` command we see that there is a file called **readme** in our current working directory.

We can take a peak at what is in the **readme** file using the `cat` command.

	cat readme
	
Executing the command we are presented with the password for the next level.

	boJ9jbbUNNfktd78OOpsqOltutMc3MY1

